Processors:

	CPU: IBM "Broadway" PowerPC clocked at 729MHz.
	     NEC "Starlet" ARM9 clocked at 243MHz (handles I/O and security).
	GPU: ATI "Hollywood" GPU clocked at 243MHz.

	Notes:

	- PowerPC based processors are generally big-endian which means that you'll have to reverse the byte order of
	  little-endian words (such as shorts and ints) when loading files created on little-endian systems (such as
	  your PC). The Wii version of the MTek-GDL library has a gdl::wii::RevBytes() function to simplify switching
	  byte orders when reading binary files created on your PC.

	- The "Starlet" ARM9 processor cannot be accessed through the "Broadway" PowerPC processor which means you
	  cannot use it to run custom code easily. Since it also handles system IOSs for things such as communication
	  with the Wiimotes, it should not be touched and is also the reason why the IOS heap in MEM2 should not be
	  touched as you might end up ruining an active heap area.
	
	
Memory:

	VRAM: 3MB embedded GPU memory for 'embedded' framebuffers and vertex/texture cache.
	MEM1: 24MB 1T-SRAM "internal" memory integrated into GPU package (with access speed of 4.0Gb/s).
	MEM2: 64MB GDDR3 "external" memory (with access speed of 3.9Gb/s).

	Notes:

	- Program code and data starts at address 0x80003F00 to 0x817FEC60 (23.97MB usable) in MEM1.

	- Because of how loaders work, the DOL program must be less than 19.2MB in size as the loader program resides
	  in 0x81330000 and can't be overwritten while the loader is still running. Once the loaded program has been
	  executed, it can overwrite the loader safely with data it loads or generates.

	- MEM2 is addressed at 0x90000000 to 0x933E0000 (51.8MB usable, remaining space reserved for IOS heap and
	  should not be touched for safety reasons).

	- If MEM1 becomes full with the default libogc library, the new allocated block will reside in MEM2 instead.
	  However, new memory blocks will not be allocated within the remaining space of MEM1 unless everything
	  addressed to MEM2 has been freed. Using the patched libogc library included in MTek-GDL Release 2.5 and
	  onwards prevents memory allocation routines from jumping into MEM2.
	  
	- The best way to handle memory on the Nintendo Wii is to use the patched libogc library included with the
	  MTek-GDL package which disables memory allocation routines from jumping into MEM2 and use malloc2() for
	  allocating data in MEM2. Its recommended to store all texture and geometry data inside MEM1 as it is tied
	  directly to the GX while other large data can be stored inside MEM2 for best performance and memory savings.


Storage:

	Internal Storage: 512MB NAND flash memory (this is where System Menu, saved games and channels are stored).
	External Storage: SD/SDHC card slot supporting cards of up to 32GB in FAT or FAT32 file systems.
	Optical Drive:	  Slot loading DVD drive supporting 8cm (Gamecube) discs and 12cm (Wii) DVD discs.

	Notes:

	- Even though access to the 512MB internal flash memory is entirely possible, it is highly not recommended
	  as there is the possibility that you might corrupt the console's internal memory. Not only that, generating
	  proper save files for the System Menu is a pain and can has the tendency of bricking the console so its not
	  worth the effort.

	- SD/SDHC access speeds can be up to 10MB/s depending on card's class (writes might be slower than reads).

	- Only older Wiis can accept non-Wii DVDs. Later or refurbished Wiis and the cost reduced 'Family Edition'
	  Wiis on the other hand only accepts Gamecube and Wii discs.

	- Homebrew games/applications and files can be loaded/accessed from either SD card or USB drives.


Network/Communication:

	Ethernet:  Optional USB Ethernet adapter.
	WiFi:	   Mitsumi DWM-W004 802.11b/g WiFi adapter.
	Bluetooth: BroadCom BCM2045 Bluetooth adapter (compatible with standard Bluetooth HCI commands over USB).
	
	Notes:

	- The best way to initialize network with compatibility with the Ethernet adapter is to initialize it just
	  before fatInitDefault() and all other USB related init functions. (not confirmed yet)

	- It is theoritically possible to use the BroadCom Bluetooth adapter to connect to other Bluetooth devices
	  besides the Wiimote. Heck, Nintendont can connect to some Bluetooth controllers wirelessly.